Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
Boys and girls should be educated in separate classrooms using different teaching techniques.
Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

Recently, there is an intensive debate topic about should schools divide boys and girls into different classrooms and teach them in different techniques. Even though girls are more matured than boys in same age stage in both pysical and psycological respects, I just disagree with that schools should treat them in separated rooms and use different ways. There are many potential risk for the children if they do so.

At first, deviding boys and girls into different rooms and using different teaching techniques will cost more than teaching them together. If schools want to separate boys and girls, they have to prepare double teaching systems, and these money should be spent in some useful areas, such as hiring more experienced teachers. For example, classrooms must be doubled than before, and the teaching equipments should be doubled too. It cost a huge amount of money for schools to buy and maintain the tools. However, If schools spend those money on other improvement, it will benefit all the students and teachers.

Second, deviding boys and girls into different rooms and using different teaching techniques will terriblely affect the process of that each child growing up. It will affect a number of aspects in those children's lives inerronesly, such as lacking the ability of making friends, wrong recognization of genders, disrespect of different genders, etc. And it also will affect their future career. 

Admittedly, we have to concede that there are a few advantages if schools divide boys and girls into different classrooms, nevertheless we still can clearly see that the disadvantages are far more than advantages. 

In sum, if schools choose to treat students in different rooms and ways, it will cause several bad effect to the children's lives. We must make sure that children are avialible to grow up in a equial and appropriate environment. We cannot give the wrong guide just based on their genders, that is why I disagree with the topic that boys and girls should be educated in separate classrooms using different teaching techniques.