Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
Boys and girls should be educated in separate classrooms using different teaching techniques.
Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

Recently, a debate about whether should boys and girls be educated separately with various teaching techniques is becoming very hot. Even though girls may be more matured than boys of the same age stage, however I disagree that boys and girls should be tought in different room and by different ways. There will be a number of serious results if we do so.
First of all, treating boys and girls in different ways will effect their recognition about gender. As we always heard some news saying that there are many school violence between boys and girls, even some sexually harassing among teenagers. If schools treat boys and girls separately, it prevents boys to know how to deal with girls, and same to girls. It is not hard to image that in a school of all boys, their friends are all boys, their classmates are all boys, the things they would talk about will be all related to boys. However, when they graduate from school, they will meet a lot of girls or women, their colleague will be female, their boss may be female. According to the school which boys graduated, they should never find a right way to get deal with girls or women in their real life. And some of them, may be very rude to the girls and get troubles in the relationships.
In addition, teaching boys and girls with different techniques is not a proper way of teaching young people, it will effect their whole life. Children who in school age are very simple and naive, if schools do not guide them in proper way, they would develop themselves with psychological problems. For example, if the schools teach girls with more kinds of new and advanced equipments, but it become used or second handed equipments when boys in classroom, the boys may feel jealous and some of them may try to hate themselves to be male. Those boys who grow up in an unequal environment, possiblily be the problems of whole society.
In sum, teenagers are very navie and vunlerable, we must make sure that they could grow up in a educational environment that full of equal and fairness. If schools educate them in different ways, they might grow up with problems and harm the others.