In the past, young people depended too much on their parents to make decisions for them; today young people are better to make decisions about their own lives.

While our society progressing, the way that young people makes decisions has changed a lot. For several years, the youth makes decisions relying on their parents experiences. However, with the development of every respects of our lives, young people are getting more oppertunities to make their own decisions. Futhermore, they are doing well with their choices.

First, young people could learn more diverse knowledge in universities than before, it benefits young people a lot in each aspect. As far as I could see, we can learn everything from university, but several years ago there were not as many as courses today. Career development course, for instance, can teach you how to choose your future work and how to promote yourself during your working time. This course just began three years ago in my university, there is no chance for the students who were here many years ago to take it. So, we can make better decisions today because we are more knowledgeable than before.

Second, in the results of the development of technology, our parents' experiences are out of date today. Parents live in a society which totally different with the society in recent days, they like writing but we typing, they prefer to buy a own car but we car pooling, they take flight to other places for shopping but we use amazon today. Times changing, and thier experiences are not always right for young people to make their decisions.

Admitedly, our parents are more sophesicated than the youth, and thier words could be a light tower for navigation. However, we have to face a world more complex and diversity than before. Thus the young people have to learn more of their lives and make proper decisions from their own perspectives. Young people can learn the experiences from their parents but could not rely on them.

In conclusion, there are more chance to get fresh knowledge and experience. Instead of depending on parents, young people should earn the skill that absorbing the useful things and use them on their own feet.