People should buy things made in their own country, even if the price is higher than the same things made elsewhere

There is a intensive debate about whether should people buy higer price goods which made in their own country or not. A growing number of economists agree with that people should buy their native goods because it is good for their productivity. However, I just cannot agree with them.

First of all, higher price does not equal to higher quality. If we pay more money for buying our native goods which have same or lower quality compared to imported goods, in results, our native goods will lose the market. For example, there was a very popular brand named Shuangxing in China, it was famous for its tire and rubber products. When China joined the WTO in 2001, in order to protect natvie factory the local government kept the original price of Shuangxing but higher than other imported tire brand. In final, Shuangxing lost almost entire Chinese market. So, the higher price could not help native goods with selling, it might ruin the future in contrast.

Second, buying higher priced native goods does not mean to patriotism, however, it can harm the productivity of whole society. It is not hard to image that if everybody just buy the things made in their homeland with higher price, the whole economy will be distoried after decades of years. It is because of the more you spend on local things, the less cash flow and foreign saving you get from international trading. It is extremely bad for a developing or less developed country especially.

Admittedly, I concede that there will be a number of benefits if people pay more on local goods. We can easily find out that this is short term benefits. Apparently, it can prompts the local economy development, however, it will harm the whole economy of society accounts to bad quality and less cash flow and foreign saving.

In conclusion, even though there are some benefits that spend more money on buying local goods, however, the disadvantages are overweight. Based on the reasons above, people should not pay higher price to things made in their own country.